\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename readme.info
@settitle Perl SVN::S4 Installation
@c %**end of header

@c $Id: readme.texi 48246 2007-12-04 20:23:01Z wsnyder $
@c DESCRIPTION: TexInfo: DOCUMENT source run through texinfo to produce README file
@c Use 'make README' to produce the output file
@c Before release, run C-u C-c C-u C-a (texinfo-all-menus-update)

@node Top, Copyright, (dir), (dir)
@chapter SVN::S4

This is the SVN::S4 Perl Package.

@menu
* Copyright::                   
* Description::                 
* Obtaining Distribution::      
* Supported Systems::           
* Installation::                
* Differences from S4-1.6::     
@end menu

@node Copyright, Description, Top, Top
@section Copyright

This package is Copyright 2006-2007 by Bryce Denney and Wilson Snyder
@email{wsnyder@@wsnyder.org}.

You may distribute under the terms of either the GNU General Public License
or the Perl Artistic License, as specified in the Perl README file.

This code is provided with no warranty of any kind, and is used entirely at
your own risk.

@node Description, Obtaining Distribution, Copyright, Top
@section Description

This package adds additional Subversion support commands, similar to
the P4::C4 package.  These commands let you apply .cvsignore files,
snapshot areas and cleanup ignored files. You can also create views
that consist of different repository areas, and deal with them as if
it was a larger checkout.

@node Obtaining Distribution, Supported Systems, Description, Top
@section Obtaining Distribution

The latest version is available at 
@uref{http://www.perl.org/CPAN/}

Download the latest package from that site, and decompress.
@samp{gunzip SVN-S4_version.tar.gz ; tar xvf SVN-S4_version.tar}

@node Known Bugs, Installation, Obtaining Distribution, Top
@section Known Bugs

SVN::S4 relys on some obscure features of Subversion, in that s4 needs
to modify the .svn directory to create empty directories and svn
externals that switch to them.  This has only been tested on
Subversion 1.1 and 1.2, newer versions will probably require patching.

@node Supported Systems, Installation, Obtaining Distribution, Top
@section Supported Systems

This version of SVN::S4 has been built and tested on:

@itemize @bullet
@item i386-linux
@end itemize

It should run on any Unix system with appropriate releases of
Subversion (see above).  Minor porting may be required for Windows
systems.

@node Installation, Supported Systems, Top
@section Installation

@enumerate
@item

Before installing this module, you need the Subversion Perl library,
generally part of the ``subversion-perl'' RPM module.

@item
@code{cd} to the directory containing this README notice.

@item
Type @samp{perl Makefile.PL} to configure SVN::S4 for your system.

@item
Type @samp{make} to compile SVN::S4.

@item
Type @samp{make test} to check the compilation.

@item
Type @samp{make install} to install the programs and any data files and
documentation.

@item
Type @samp{s4 help} to see the command line interface.

@end enumerate

